feat(curriculum): add password generator project to Python curriculum (#52444)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-regular-expressions-by-building-a-password-generator/6565c234de8cdf673c96bdf3.md

Reviewer: This might be also a good place to add a step or two about using keyword arguments in function calls in python before adding defaults.

I don't suppose there would be space to go even further one step and show how function signature can be changed to force using keyword arguments?

Author: Something like asking the camper to call `generate_password` with keyword arguments in a different order with respect to the function declaration? It would be great if you have any useful example to include.

Reviewer: I was thinking just about showing how `generate_password(8, 1, 1, 1, 1)` can be replaced with:

```
generate_password(length=8, nums=1, special_chars=1, uppercase=1, lowercase=1)
```
Which already improves a lot the call - it's clear what is what, order doesn't matter, so no mixing up positions. This applies also when later coming back to the code - no need to look for function signature to figure out what's that last `1` is. 

With possibly changing function signature to force using keyword arguments, this goes one step further, to ensure the mixing up of the argument order is not possible.

---
id: 6565c234de8cdf673c96bdf3
title: Step 67
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-67
---

# --description--

As long as all the arguments in a function call are keyword arguments, the order of the arguments doesn't matter.

> Try to change the order of `length=8` and `nums=1` in your function call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To confirm this, try to change the order of `length=8` and `nums=1` in your function call.
```

---
id: 6565c234de8cdf673c96bdf3
title: Step 62
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-62
---

# --description--

> It works, but there are several things you can improve. First of all, calling a function with 5 arguments is not the best.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It works, but there are several things you can improve. First of all, calling a function with 5 arguments can easily result in mixing-up which value goes where.
```

> Modify your function declaration to accept default arguments. Use `16` for the `length` and `1` for the other constraints.

Author: It is explained at the end of the first project.
